>> Scott Moss: One quick thing I wanted to
show that we didn't get to is that when
you do these queries like this, so
if I have animals, like species.
And the reason I needed to show this
is cuz, we're not focusing on queries,
we're focusing on server.
But on the query side, as if we're doing
clients, you can make another query,
you can do multiple
queries in one request.
So if you wanted to say I'm gonna
do another animals query, but you
can't call it animals because that one's
already taken,, so I'm gonna say species.
Not only can you do another
query inside of one request,
I can alias this to be otherAnimal.
Or I did it the other way around,
I'm sorry.
OtherAnimcal.
So now I'm aliasing this animals
query to be called otherAnimals, but
they're both running to animals query.
And I run two of them at the same time.
So I send one request over two queries,
so to execute two queries on my GraphQL
server at the same time, and
I'll get back two results.
These are still working, so I'm not
gonna hit play yet, obviously, it died.
But you can run multiple
queries at the same time.
I can put a third one here if I want.
I can run multiple mutations
at the same time if I want to.
So you can do that.
The reason we talk about that, cuz again,
this is on the query side of things from
the client perspective, whereas we
talked about the server side of things.
Th query side of things, there's a lot
of stuff there that it's a whole nother
thing, that's just a whole nother course.
But there's a lot of stuff you can do
over here that we did not talked about.
Named operations,
all different kind of stuff, so,